1. The linked list is at this point is basically the 5 variables of type "student" and the pointer "numbers", which gives us the
   point to start referring to the llinked list elements.
    
   So the memory allocated for the linked list at this moment can be obtained by 
   printf("%d\n",sizeof(students)+size*sizeof(student)); 

   This gave the result of 328 bytes.

2. This memory is allocated dynamically at each moment when a new student is added to the list. So it takes place at the point where the malloc() function is used.
    
   It is freed when a particular student is removed from the list or when the program terminates after the command 0 is entered.
   This happens at the point where the free() function is used.

   The freeing up of memory also happens dynamically.

3. Each element of the linked list is iterated by using a for loop using a pointer of type student as the counter. When the elemnent pointed to by the current pointer 
   matches the student to be removed, the current pointer is set to point to the element pointed to by the element to be deleted. This effectively sets the element 
   before the element to be deleted to point to the element in the linked list immediately after the element to be deleted.

   Then the memory occupied by the element to be deleted is freed by using the free() function.

   So the deletion effectively takes place by reassigning a pointer and freeing up a memory location.

4. 					Pros										Cons

	*Deletion of a particular element can be done much faster.					*Compared with an array holding(only) the same number of elements,
	*It is not necessary to know the size of the list beforehand.					 takes up more space(due to the pointers).
         So elements can be added to the list when needed without any trouble.
         So memory is not used by the linked list unnecessarily.					*Have to iterate through the entire list to find,access or update a particular
 													 element.This can be done in a single operation when an array is used.

5. An array is better.
   Since the number of students is known at the beginning, an array can be used without any wastage of memory. A linked list of the same size would take up much more memory.
   Giving a unique numerial ID(the array index) is only possible if an array is used. This can be used to view or modify a given element in a single operation. If a linked
   list was used, viewing or modifying an element would require to iterate thorugh the linked list. Also indexing cannot be done.